✨ Add support for authentication over core.async_ssh by password (#7492)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/topics/transport.rst

The term `transport` in AiiDA refers to a class that the engine uses to perform operations on local or remote machines where its :py:class:`~aiida.engine.processes.calcjobs.calcjob.CalcJob` are submitted.
The base class :py:class:`~aiida.transports.transport.Transport` defines an interface for these operations, such as copying files and executing commands.
A `transport plugin` is a class that implements this base class for a specific connection method.

> The ``aiida-core`` package ships with local and SSH-based transport plugins.

Reviewer: Confusing, might be interpreted as local that operates with ssh transport 
```suggestion
The ``aiida-core`` package ships with SSH-based transport plugins, as well as supporting local execution. 
```
